docs/index.markdown, before:

---
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults
layout: home
title: About Me
tags: ios, engineer, software, california, lyft, mobile, networking, envoy, app
---

![ProfilePhoto]({{ site.asset_baseurl }}/full/profile.png){:style="float: right; margin-right: 7px; margin-top: 7px; width: 200px; height: 200px;"}
Hey there! I'm Michael Rebello. I've been doing iOS development since iOS 4 📱,
and currently work at [Lyft 🚗](https://lyft.com) as a Staff Engineer where I
was on a very small team tasked with building the
[redesign of the Lyft rider app](https://techcrunch.com/2017/11/08/lyft-is-testing-a-new-rider-experience-with-a-small-percentage-of-users),
was one of the founding team members
of [Envoy Mobile](https://github.com/lyft/envoy-mobile)
![Envoy Mobile]({{ site.asset_baseurl }}/small/envoy_mobile.png){:style="width: 25px; height: 20px;"},
and am currently focused on networking & reliability.

Additionally, I'm working on [Path](https://www.pathapp.io)
![Path]({{ site.asset_baseurl }}/small/path.png){:style="width: 20px; height: 20px;"} -
a place to discover and share your favorite travel recommendations.

Prior, I started and sold two small software companies and did a few
consulting projects here and there.

I currently live in San Diego with my wife Milla and our
[two cats, Pushkin & Bailey]({{ site.asset_baseurl }}/full/cats.jpg).
In my free time, I enjoy baking 🥐 and have recently gotten into bouldering 🧗‍♂️.

This page contains a little bit about my work background – feel free to
[contact me](mailto:me@michaelrebello.com)!

# Public talks/features

- BA Swiftable Conference: [Envoy Mobile & The Upcoming Networking Revolution](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMBrVfoQ7-g)
- Lyft Engineering Blog: [Lyft’s Journey Through Mobile Networking](https://eng.lyft.com/lyfts-journey-through-mobile-networking-d8e13c938166)
- Lyft Mobile Podcast: [Mobile Networking](https://lyftmobilepodcast.libsyn.com/mobile-networking)
- Swift Language User Group: [gRPC & iOS at Lyft](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Go3_72i8bjI&t=183s)

# Past Work

## Lyft (2016 - Present)

When I first joined Lyft in 2016, I spent most of my time working on the Shared Rides product.
I was then asked to join a very small team tasked with building the
[redesign of the Lyft rider app](https://techcrunch.com/2017/11/08/lyft-is-testing-a-new-rider-experience-with-a-small-percentage-of-users), which became the
basis of the Lyft app we know today.
I now work on mobile infrastructure, particularly on networking and reliability tools.
I was also one of the founding team members and maintainers of
[Envoy Mobile](https://github.com/lyft/envoy-mobile), and am an editor of the
[Lyft Engineering Blog](https://eng.lyft.com).

## ActivityHub/NEXMachine - iOS Product & Architecture (2014 - 2016)

I joined ActivityHub (NEXMachine) to build their iOS app and backend for a calendar app which integrated
with several external services. A few months later, they acquired my company (Scholastic Connections),
and I began leading product development for both initiatives before later closing down Scholastic Connections
as ActivityHub refocused on the enterprise space as a Salesforce partner.
I continued leading the product engineering team, contributing as an IC, and taking part in investor meetings.

## Flounder Apps (Acquired in 2016) - Co-Founder (2013-2016)

I spent a few years with a co-founder on Flounder Apps, focused on building
[Ambition: Strategy War Game](https://appadvice.com/app/ambition-strategy-war-game/850863885) – an iOS app
designed as a complex, turn-based strategy game.
The product was acquired by another organization in 2016.

## Scholastic Connections (Acquired in 2015) - Founder (2014 - 2015)

Founded Scholastic Connections, a company that partnered with classroom management providers to create an
iOS app which provided teachers and families with easy access to their students' data.
In 2014, the company was acquired by ActivityHub (NEXMachine), after which the product expanded to Android
and grew its userbase before ultimately being shut down when ActivityHub pivoted towards the enterprise space.

## Independent iOS Developer (2011 - 2014)

Created a few various iOS apps which were distributed on the App Store,
some of which were eventually sold off.

Commit message:

Add App Performance Cafe podcast

docs/index.markdown, after:

---
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults
layout: home
title: About Me
tags: ios, engineer, software, california, lyft, mobile, networking, envoy, app
---

![ProfilePhoto]({{ site.asset_baseurl }}/full/profile.png){:style="float: right; margin-right: 7px; margin-top: 7px; width: 200px; height: 200px;"}
Hey there! I'm Michael Rebello. I've been doing iOS development since iOS 4 📱,
and currently work at [Lyft 🚗](https://lyft.com) as a Staff Engineer where I
was on a very small team tasked with building the
[redesign of the Lyft rider app](https://techcrunch.com/2017/11/08/lyft-is-testing-a-new-rider-experience-with-a-small-percentage-of-users),
was one of the founding team members
of [Envoy Mobile](https://github.com/lyft/envoy-mobile)
![Envoy Mobile]({{ site.asset_baseurl }}/small/envoy_mobile.png){:style="width: 25px; height: 20px;"},
and am currently focused on networking & reliability.

Additionally, I'm working on [Path](https://www.pathapp.io)
![Path]({{ site.asset_baseurl }}/small/path.png){:style="width: 20px; height: 20px;"} -
a place to discover and share your favorite travel recommendations.

Prior, I started and sold two small software companies and did a few
consulting projects here and there.

I currently live in San Diego with my wife Milla and our
[two cats, Pushkin & Bailey]({{ site.asset_baseurl }}/full/cats.jpg).
In my free time, I enjoy baking 🥐 and have recently gotten into bouldering 🧗‍♂️.

This page contains a little bit about my work background – feel free to
[contact me](mailto:me@michaelrebello.com)!

# Public talks/features

- BA Swiftable Conference: [Envoy Mobile & The Upcoming Networking Revolution](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMBrVfoQ7-g)
- Lyft Engineering Blog: [Lyft’s Journey Through Mobile Networking](https://eng.lyft.com/lyfts-journey-through-mobile-networking-d8e13c938166)
- App Performance Cafe Podcast: [Abstracting Networking from the Application Layer](https://open.spotify.com/episode/1rDAnNa7YtbvNh0ZWKfup2)
- Lyft Mobile Podcast: [Mobile Networking](https://lyftmobilepodcast.libsyn.com/mobile-networking)
- Swift Language User Group: [gRPC & iOS at Lyft](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Go3_72i8bjI&t=183s)

# Past Work

## Lyft (2016 - Present)

When I first joined Lyft in 2016, I spent most of my time working on the Shared Rides product.
I was then asked to join a very small team tasked with building the
[redesign of the Lyft rider app](https://techcrunch.com/2017/11/08/lyft-is-testing-a-new-rider-experience-with-a-small-percentage-of-users), which became the
basis of the Lyft app we know today.
I now work on mobile infrastructure, particularly on networking and reliability tools.
I was also one of the founding team members and maintainers of
[Envoy Mobile](https://github.com/lyft/envoy-mobile), and am an editor of the
[Lyft Engineering Blog](https://eng.lyft.com).

## ActivityHub/NEXMachine - iOS Product & Architecture (2014 - 2016)

I joined ActivityHub (NEXMachine) to build their iOS app and backend for a calendar app which integrated
with several external services. A few months later, they acquired my company (Scholastic Connections),
and I began leading product development for both initiatives before later closing down Scholastic Connections
as ActivityHub refocused on the enterprise space as a Salesforce partner.
I continued leading the product engineering team, contributing as an IC, and taking part in investor meetings.

## Flounder Apps (Acquired in 2016) - Co-Founder (2013-2016)

I spent a few years with a co-founder on Flounder Apps, focused on building
[Ambition: Strategy War Game](https://appadvice.com/app/ambition-strategy-war-game/850863885) – an iOS app
designed as a complex, turn-based strategy game.
The product was acquired by another organization in 2016.

## Scholastic Connections (Acquired in 2015) - Founder (2014 - 2015)

Founded Scholastic Connections, a company that partnered with classroom management providers to create an
iOS app which provided teachers and families with easy access to their students' data.
In 2014, the company was acquired by ActivityHub (NEXMachine), after which the product expanded to Android
and grew its userbase before ultimately being shut down when ActivityHub pivoted towards the enterprise space.

## Independent iOS Developer (2011 - 2014)

Created a few various iOS apps which were distributed on the App Store,
some of which were eventually sold off.
